README.md, before:

> # 🤫 VPN
>
> Easy way to up your virtual private network.

## 💡 Idea

...

## 🏆 Motivation

...

## 🤼‍♂️ How to

...

## 🧩 Installation

...

## 📦 Resources

### Articles

- [How To Set Up and Configure an OpenVPN Server on Ubuntu 20.04](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-set-up-and-configure-an-openvpn-server-on-ubuntu-20-04)
- [Свой собственный VPN за 3 минуты](https://p.umputun.com/2014/08/12/svoi-sobstviennyi-vpn-za-3-minuty/).
- [Установки и настройка OpenVPN в Ubuntu Linux за 5 минут](https://eax.me/openvpn/).

### Internals

- [Ansible is Simple IT Automation](https://www.ansible.com/)
  - [Ansible at GitHub](https://github.com/ansible)
- [Empowering App Development for Developers | Docker](https://www.docker.com/)
  - [Docker at GitHub](https://github.com/docker)
- [Vagrant by HashiCorp](https://www.vagrantup.com/)
  - [HashiCorp at GitHub](https://github.com/hashicorp)
- [VPN Software Solutions & Services For Business | OpenVPN](https://openvpn.net/)
  - [OpenVPN at GitHub](https://github.com/OpenVPN)
- [WireGuard: fast, modern, secure VPN tunnel](https://www.wireguard.com/)
  - [WireGuard at GitHub](https://github.com/wireguard)
- [Best VPN Service for Secure Networks - Tailscale](https://tailscale.com/)
  - [Tailscale at GitHub](https://github.com/tailscale)
- [SoftEther VPN Project](https://www.softether.org/)
  - [SoftEther VPN at GitHub](https://github.com/SoftEtherVPN)

### Inspiration

- [OpenVPN for Docker](https://github.com/kylemanna/docker-openvpn)
- [OpenVPN installer for Linux servers](https://github.com/angristan/openvpn-install)
- [WireGuard VPN installer for Linux servers](https://github.com/angristan/wireguard-install)
- [OpenVPN road warrior installer Linux servers](https://github.com/Nyr/openvpn-install)
- [WireGuard road warrior installer for Linux servers](https://github.com/Nyr/wireguard-install)
- [A set of ansible playbooks to bootstrap VPN server](https://github.com/timurb/ansible-digitalocean-vpn)

### Infrastructure

| Provider           | Availability | IPv6 | Price      |
|:-------------------|:-------------|:----:|-----------:|
| [DigitalOcean][do] | worldwide    |  ✓   | $5/month   |
| [Linode][linode]   | worldwide    |  ✓   | $5/month   |
| [Vultr][vultr]     | worldwide    |  ✓   | $2.5/month |

### Alternatives

- [OpenVPN Access Server](https://marketplace.digitalocean.com/apps/openvpn-access-server).

<p align="right">made with ❤️ for everyone</p>

[do]:     http://bit.ly/vps-do-ref
[linode]: http://bit.ly/vps-linode-ref
[vultr]:  http://bit.ly/vps-vultr-ref

Commit message:

add more articles and link to Outline VPN

README.md, after:

> # 🤫 VPN
>
> Easy way to up your virtual private network.

## 💡 Idea

...

## 🏆 Motivation

...

## 🤼‍♂️ How to

...

## 🧩 Installation

...

## 📦 Resources

### Articles

- [How To Set Up and Configure an OpenVPN Server on Ubuntu 20.04](https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/how-to-set-up-and-configure-an-openvpn-server-on-ubuntu-20-04)
- [Outline VPN: How to install it on your server](https://blog.ssdnodes.com/blog/outline-vpn-tutorial-vps/)
- [Streisand VPN: How To Install And Configure](https://blog.ssdnodes.com/blog/streisand-vpn-tutorial/)

- [Свой собственный VPN за 3 минуты](https://p.umputun.com/2014/08/12/svoi-sobstviennyi-vpn-za-3-minuty/).
- [Установки и настройка OpenVPN в Ubuntu Linux за 5 минут](https://eax.me/openvpn/).

### Internals

- [Ansible is Simple IT Automation](https://www.ansible.com/)
  - [Ansible at GitHub](https://github.com/ansible)
- [Empowering App Development for Developers | Docker](https://www.docker.com/)
  - [Docker at GitHub](https://github.com/docker)
- [Vagrant by HashiCorp](https://www.vagrantup.com/)
  - [HashiCorp at GitHub](https://github.com/hashicorp)

- [Outline VPN - Access to the free and open internet](https://www.getoutline.org/)
  - [Outline at GitHub](https://github.com/Jigsaw-Code/?q=outline)
- [VPN Software Solutions & Services For Business | OpenVPN](https://openvpn.net/)
  - [OpenVPN at GitHub](https://github.com/OpenVPN)
- [WireGuard: fast, modern, secure VPN tunnel](https://www.wireguard.com/)
  - [WireGuard at GitHub](https://github.com/wireguard)
- [Best VPN Service for Secure Networks - Tailscale](https://tailscale.com/)
  - [Tailscale at GitHub](https://github.com/tailscale)
- [SoftEther VPN Project](https://www.softether.org/)
  - [SoftEther VPN at GitHub](https://github.com/SoftEtherVPN)

### Inspiration

- [OpenVPN for Docker](https://github.com/kylemanna/docker-openvpn)

- [OpenVPN installer for Linux servers](https://github.com/angristan/openvpn-install)
- [WireGuard VPN installer for Linux servers](https://github.com/angristan/wireguard-install)
- [OpenVPN road warrior installer Linux servers](https://github.com/Nyr/openvpn-install)
- [WireGuard road warrior installer for Linux servers](https://github.com/Nyr/wireguard-install)

- [Streisand VPN](https://github.com/StreisandEffect/streisand)
- [A set of ansible playbooks to bootstrap VPN server](https://github.com/timurb/ansible-digitalocean-vpn)

### Infrastructure

| Provider           | Availability | IPv6 | Price      |
|:-------------------|:-------------|:----:|-----------:|
| [DigitalOcean][do] | worldwide    |  ✓   | $5/month   |
| [Linode][linode]   | worldwide    |  ✓   | $5/month   |
| [Vultr][vultr]     | worldwide    |  ✓   | $2.5/month |

<p align="right">made with ❤️ for everyone</p>

[do]:     http://bit.ly/vps-do-ref
[linode]: http://bit.ly/vps-linode-ref
[vultr]:  http://bit.ly/vps-vultr-ref
